README.md, before:

# Java basics

This repository has all-in-one `Showcase.java` that demos basic data structures, syntax, style and features of Java programming language 8+

Syntax of Java evolved significantly over years, there are many ways to do similar things.
Added a bit of everything, with most examples old style and that are likely to be encountered in legacy code.

```sh
# if you want to run it (to make sure it all valid)
javac Showcase.java && java Showcase
```

There is a similar file for [Go](https://github.com/antontsv/go-basics)

## Reasons

I switch between different languages often.

Main reason I have created this file is to serve as a quick refresher or cheatsheet for Java.

Most high-level languages have similar features: variables, common datatypes, conditional statements, loops, functions.

Yes, there are a ton of cheat sheets in existence:
- some are just lacking examples
- others describe each piece on separate page (just to show ads)
- some are way too long

This is format I believe covers a bit of everything.

Commit message:

Add link to python showcase

README.md, after:

# Java basics

This repository has all-in-one `Showcase.java` that demos basic data structures, syntax, style and features of Java programming language 8+

Syntax of Java evolved significantly over years, there are many ways to do similar things.
Added a bit of everything, with most examples old style and that are likely to be encountered in legacy code.

```sh
# if you want to run it (to make sure it all valid)
javac Showcase.java && java Showcase
```

In case you want to see similar layout in other language (for side-by-side
comparison):
- [Python](https://github.com/antontsv/python-basics)
- [Go](https://github.com/antontsv/go-basics)

## Reasons

I switch between different languages often.

Main reason I have created this file is to serve as a quick refresher or cheat sheet for Java.

Most high-level languages have similar features: variables, common data types, conditional statements, loops, functions.

Yes, there are a ton of cheat sheets in existence:
- some are just lacking examples
- others describe each piece on separate page (just to show ads)
- some are way too long

This is format I believe covers a bit of everything.
